[tense music]
[tense music continues]
[eerie music]
[music intensifies]
[groans]
- Fuck.
[eerie music continues]
[phone keys beeping]
[sobs]
[whimpering]
[phone keys beeping]
[phone ringing]
[disconnected tone]
[breathing heavily]
[grunting]
[panting]
[phone keys beeping]
[tense music]
[tense music continues]
[footsteps tapping]
[groaning]
[eerie music]
[panting]
[groaning]
[eerie music continues]
- Help!
- Keep it down.
Please! It hurts!
- Stay quiet!
You're gonna get us both killed.
My name is Alison.
I was kidnapped just like you.
The guy's not far.
and he's dangerous.
You need to stay quiet.
If he hears us. he's gonna
come back down again.
Okay?
[whimpering]
- Where are we?
- Inside a basement.
but I don't know where.
He grabbed me when I
was coming out of work.
That's all I know. you?
He grabbed me in Asbury Park.
when I was going to my car.
That's far from where I work.
Wouldn't surprise me
if he dragged us
outside the city limits.
- Why is this happening?
[sobbing]
- The guy thinks we're dead.
We need him like this.
But we're gonna get out
of here. I promise. okay?
- My stomach hurts.
- I'll take a look. hm?
Just take a deep
breath and don't move.
What's your name?
- Emily.
- Lovely name.
I have a baby cousin
with that name.
- It's serious?
- No.
But do something for me.
Just press down here.
And don't look.
I'll be right back. okay?
- No. no. no.
Where are you going?
- To find something
to close the wound.
- Am I gonna die?
- Emily. look at me.
I know what I'm doing.
Trust me on this. okay?
Just keep pressing down there.
Everything will be just fine.
I'll be back in a minute.
Okay.
- Alison?
Yes. Emily. I'm here.
Just give me a sec. okay?
- Uh. I think that.
[groans]
- I'm on my way.
Emily?
Are you okay?
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Don't pass out. [grunts]
[door clicks]
[tense music]
[tense music continues]
[body thuds]
[Man breathing heavily]
[eerie music]
[blade swishes]
[Emily groans]
- Ah! Ah!
[dramatic music]
[Emily gasping]
[eerie music]
[footsteps tapping]
[switch flicks]
[eerie music]
[phone beeping]
[eerie music continues]
[Alison sobs]
- Hello?
- [Michael] Emily.
Where are you?
Are you okay? What happened?
- No. I'm not...
- [Michael] What's going on?
I called everyone we know.
Where are you right now?
I want to pick you up right now.
Tell me where you are.
- I'm not Emily. Please help.
- [Michael] This is not funny.
Do you understand this?
I'm worried sick.
I called your father.
- Please shut up.
Shut the fuck up!
- [Michael] Who is this?
Where's Emily?
- My name is Alison.
Your wife and I were kidnapped.
We are in a basement.
You gotta get the police. okay?
- [Michael] What is this? Why do
you have my wife's cell phone?
Where is she?
Give the phone to Emily.
This is not funny.
- Please. The signal
is almost off.
Get the police.
- [Michael] I want
to speak to my wife.
Give the phone to
Emily right now.
Where is she? Is she okay?
Tell me
what happened to
my wife.
Listen. my name is Michael.
I am her husband.
I've been worried
sick all night.
She never came back home.
- I'm so sorry.
She... She's...
- [Michael] What do you mean.
I'm sorry?
What happened to my wife?
What's going on there?
- Call the cops.
Please. you have to call
the police right now.
[Alison sobs]
- [Michael] What do you mean?
Call the police?
[signal breaking up]
- Hello? Hello?
Are you there?
Please don't hang up.
please. please don't hang up.
Oh god. please.
Don't hang up.
[Michael speaking indistinctly]
- [Michael] Do you hear me?
I don't know if you can hear me.
[Alison groans]
- Hello. Michael? Hello?
[phone beeping]
[Alison sighs]
[dramatic music]
[eerie music]
[music intensifies]
[switch flicks]
[door opens]
[tense music]
[footsteps tapping]
[phone ringing]
[man breathing heavily]
- [Michael] Alison.
can you hear me?
Alison? I don't know
if you can hear me.
Alison?
[eerie music]
[Alison sighs]
[eerie music continues]
[tense music]
[electricity crackling]
[dramatic music]
[Alison gasps]
[eerie music]
[Alison grunting]
[music intensifies]
[tense music]
[footsteps tapping]
[door closes]
[tense music continues]
[Man breathing heavily]
[door closes]
[eerie music]
[tense music]
[door creaking]
[shoes clattering]
[tense music continues]
[projector whirs]
[Old Yazoo
by the Boswell Sisters plays]
♪ Take me back to Old Yazoo ♪
♪ Everything up here is new ♪
♪ I can't stand it ♪
♪ Just must landed ♪
♪ Going back to Old Yazoo ♪
♪ Everything you do ♪
♪ People got their eyes on you ♪
♪ It's compelling ♪
♪ Y'have me yelling ♪
♪ Going back to Old Yazoo ♪
♪ If you don't like
beans and rice ♪
♪ Get your rice and beans ♪
♪ If you don't like
greens and ham ♪
♪ Just get your ham and greens ♪
♪ How long will
I have to wait? ♪
♪ Standing at the station gate ♪
[eerie music]
♪ Broken hearted ♪
♪ Gotta get started ♪
♪ Going back to Old Yazoo ♪
♪ Take me back to Old Yazoo ♪
♪ Everything up here is new ♪
[music fades and echoes]
♪ Everything you do ♪
♪ People got their eyes on you ♪
[eerie music continues]
♪ If you don't like
beans and rice ♪
♪ Get your rice and beans ♪
♪ If you don't like
greens and ham ♪
♪ Get your ham and greens ♪
♪ Lordy. lordy ♪
♪ How long will
I have to wait? ♪
[eerie music continues]
[door opens]
[laboured breathing]
[music continues indistinctly]
- Don't scream.
- Helen.
I can't believe you came.
It's been months
since the last time
we saw each other.
- Ma'am. I need to
get out of the house.
[eerie music]
- Could you come
a little closer?
I'd like to take a
good look at you.
You have changed a bit.
How are the boys?
No! Go away!
[whimpering]
I don't want to see you.
All of you
have offended me.
Do you take me for an idiot?
[glass smashes]
[eerie music continues]
Helen is to blame.
She ruined everything.
There is nothing to celebrate.
I lost my appetite.
[projector whirring]
♪ Happy birthday ♪
♪ It's for you ♪
♪ A toast to your birthday ♪
♪ Darling I can handle ♪
You can start with Helen.
who seems to be in an
awful hurry to leave.
[laughing and coughing]
Eat something. woman.
You don't look well.
[eerie music continues]
[blade swishes]
[dramatic music]
- Don't come any closer.
- That's it.
Always pretending
to be a good girl.
- Let me go or I'll kill her!
- I hate you.
[Lorraine gasping]
All of you knew Robert
was having an affair
and you betrayed me.
You will burn in hell.
[Lorraine gasping]
You...
You are all despicable!
Take care of her.
- Stop!
[air hissing]
[dramatic music]
[Lorraine gasping]
[dramatic music continues]
[door rattling]
[phone ringing]
[Alison panting]
- [Operator] 911.
what's your emergency?
- I need help. I've been
kidnapped and I'm wounded.
- [Operator] Okay. Ma'am.
what's your name. please?
- Alison.
- [Operator] Okay. Alison.
I need you to remain calm.
I'm here with you.
Do you happen to know when
or where you were taken?
- Uh. Westport.
I don't know where
I am right now.
It seems to be in the bumfuck
in the middle of nowhere.
- [Operator] Okay. I'm just
connecting you to the police.
They're tracking your
call as we speak.
- Thank you.
- [Operator] Alison. can you
give me any more information
about your kidnappers?
Are they in the
house? Is it a group?
- No. no. it's just one
guy and his senile mother.
He's somewhere inside the house.
I need you to send
help right away.
I don't know how long I
can keep hiding from him.
- [Operator] We're on it.
We've managed to
pinpoint your location.
You're close to
the Cornfield area.
Alison. can you hear me?
- Cornfield?
- [Operator] Affirmative.
25 miles from Westport.
We're contacting the
local police as we speak.
Alison. I need your help now.
Is there anyone else being
held hostage there with you?
- Four women. all dead.
- [Operator] Okay. Alison.
I need you to stay on the phone
so I can track you.
Can you do that for me?
- How long till
the police arrive?
[dramatic music]
- [Operator] Ma'am?
Ma'am. can you hear me?
[dramatic music continues]
[combatants grunting]
[door handle rattling]
[dramatic music continues]
[music continues on record
player]
[eerie music]
[footsteps tapping]
[music continues on record
player]
[eerie music]
[Alison breathing heavily]
- You won't get away from him.
No one can.
- Why are you doing this?
I did nothing to you.
- Nothing?
You hid Robert's affair from me.
He left me for
that slut. Sylvia.
You filthy sinners!
Do you think I'm stupid. Helen?
- I am not Helen.
- You and those other bitches
laughed behind my back.
felt pity for me.
You think you're better than me?
[door rattling]
You are all scum.
I will have my retribution.
You are laughing now.
[door banging]
You will go back
to the basement.
My son will find
a way to get in.
He will cleanse
your soul from sin.
My special boy.
He will punish you.
You deserve it.
You know you do. don't you?
Just like the rest of them.
[door banging]
[laboured breathing]
[tense music]
[music continues on record
player]
[projector whirring]
[lightbulb explodes]
[door opens]
[man breathing heavily]
[lightbulb explodes]
[tense music continues]
[blow thuds]
[Man grunts]
[tense music continues]
[combatants grunting]
[blade swishes]
[Man grunting]
[music intensifies]
[Man gurgling]
[body thuds]
[Alison breathing heavily]
[eerie music]
[suspenseful music]
[door creaks]
[suspenseful music continues]
[birds singing]
[sombre music]
[Alison gurgling]
♪ Take me back to Old Yazoo ♪
♪ Everything up here is new ♪
♪ I can't stand it ♪
♪ Just must landed ♪
♪ Going back to Old Yazoo ♪
[eerie music]
[eerie music continues]
[tense music]
[tense music continues]
[Old Yazoo
by the Boswell Sisters plays]
♪ Take me back to old Yazoo ♪
♪ Everything up here is new ♪
♪ I can't stand it ♪
♪ Just must landed ♪
♪ Going back to old Yazoo ♪
♪ Everything you do ♪
♪ People got their eyes on you ♪
♪ It's compelling ♪
♪ Y'have me yelling ♪
♪ Going back to old Yazoo ♪
♪ If you don't like
beans and rice ♪
♪ Get your rice and beans ♪
♪ If you don't like
greens and ham ♪
♪ just get your ham and greens ♪
♪ How long will
I have to wait? ♪
♪ Standing at the station gate ♪
♪ Broken hearted ♪
♪ Gotta get started ♪
♪ Going back to old Yazoo ♪
♪ Oh. take me back
to old Yazoo ♪
♪ Everything up here is new ♪
♪ I can't stand it ♪
♪ Just must landed ♪
♪ Going back to old Yazoo ♪
♪ Everything you do ♪
♪ People got their eyes on you ♪
♪ It's compelling ♪
♪ Y'have me yelling ♪
♪ take me back to old Yazoo. ♪
♪ If you don't like
beans and rice ♪
♪ Get your rice and beans ♪
♪ If you don't like
greens and ham ♪
♪ Get your ham and greens ♪
♪ Lordy. lordy ♪
♪ How long will
I have to wait? ♪
♪ Standing at the
station gate. ♪
♪ I'm broken hearted ♪
♪ Gotta get started ♪
♪ Going back to old Yazoo ♪
[scat singing]
♪ Yazoo ♪
♪ (Yazoo) ♪
[scat singing]
♪ Yazoo ♪
♪ (Yazoo) ♪
[scat singing]
♪ I'm going to Yazoo ♪
♪ That's where I belong ♪
♪ Anything I say I'll do
seem to be all wrong ♪
♪ Yazoo ♪
♪ (Yazoo) ♪
[scat singing]
♪ Going back to old Yazoo ♪
[sombre music]
[sombre music continues]
[eerie music]